modified docs (#1)
shtaif/Qyu: README.md

(async () => {
    const q = new Qyu({concurrency: 3});

>     async function performRequest(){//Note that the async function returns a promise. Same could be accomplished with a "normal" function,
>     //that returns "new Promise()"
>         const {data} = await axios('https://www.example.com');
>         //....
>     }

Reviewer: For maximizing readability 🐱
```suggestion
    async function performRequest() { // Note that async functions always return a promise. Same could be accomplished with any "normal" function that returns a promise
        const {data} = await axios('https://www.example.com');
        //....
    }
```

    // Basic:

>     q(performRequest);//q expects a function, that returns a promise

Reviewer: For maximizing readability 🐱
```suggestion
    q(performRequest); // expects a function that returns a promise
```

#### instance(`iterator`, `mapperFn`[, `options`])
*(alias: instance#map)*

> For each iteration of `iterator`(for example, an array), queues `mapperFn` on instance, injected with the value and the index from that iteration.

Reviewer: For maximizing readability 🐱
```suggestion
For each iteration of `iterator` (an array for example), queues `mapperFn` on instance, injected with the value and the index from that iteration.
```

q(files, async (file, i) => {
    await fs.unlink(file); // `unlink` function from require('fs').promises...
});

> await q.whenEmpty()

Reviewer: What's intended to be signified in calling `whenEmpty` here? 😉
